### Comparative Performance Analysis of Basic M-ary PSK Modulation Schemes, Specifically BPSK.

   The bit error rate analysis of BPSK, binary phase shift keying, modulated signal detection is executed in company of additive white Gaussian noise. Matlab and Simulink are utilized to implement a simulation of the system just described. Then, analysis and calculation of the probability of bit error is possible with systems operating in the midst of the additive white Gaussian noise. By doing so, the performance of the modulation techniques implemented can be compared with theoretical values.

   One of the primary concerns in working digital communication system design is to receive the data so it is as similar to the data originally sent by the transmitter as possible. The system is required to be analyzed in order to find the probability of error, this gives insight to the systems performance. Different modulation techniques can offer a range of performance pros while dealing with signals that would normally be effected with noise. This Project is focused on comparative performance analysis of basic M-ary PSK modulation schemes, specifically BPSK.

*** The bit error in digital transmission is the number of received bits from a data stream over a communications channel that has been altered due to interference such as noise , distortion or bit sync errors. The bit error rate is the amount of bits in error divided by the total number of transferred bits during a considered time interval. This is therefore a unit less performance measure, kind of like a benchmark.
